README.md, before:

Learning Registry Wordpress Plugin
===================
##Introduction
Some info about the plugin and its usage here.
## Install
0. [Download](https://github.com/mickmuzac/LR-Wordpress-Widget/archive/master.zip) the LR Wordpress plugin.
0. [Install and activate](http://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Installing_Plugins) the LR Wordpress plugin via the upload tab in the admin panel in Wordpress.
0. Install and activate [Widgetize Pages Light](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/widgetize-pages-light/) via the admin panel in Wordpress.
  * Widgetize Pages Light allows you to create a "sidebar" that is displayed in the main content area of a page.
  * You may follow [Widgetize's sidebar creation instructions](http://otwthemes.com/online-documentation-widgetize-pages-light/) whenever this document asks you to create a new sidebar.

##Configuration

### Creating a Results Page
0. Create a new sidebar using Widgetize Pages Light. Name it `Results Sidebar`
0. [Create a new Wordpress page](http://codex.wordpress.org/Pages#Creating_Pages) to display the results.
  * Before publishing this new page, click the blue icon labeled `Insert Sidebar ShortCode`. Select `Results Sidebar` and then click "Insert".
  * You may now save and publish the page.
  * Optional: It may be desirable to hide all direct links to this page. [Follow these steps](http://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/) to ensure that the Results page doesn't appear in your main menu.
0. Add the `LR Interface Results` widget to `Results Sidebar`
   * [How to activate and configure widgets](http://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/)
0. Configure the `LR Interface Results` widget.
  * `Number of Results Per Page` is mandatory and is set to `50` by defualt.
  * `Results page text` is used to explicitly specify the format in which the header on the Results page is displayed. `$query` is replaced with the search term. Example: if you set the page text as `Showing results for $query` and the user searches for `math`, then the header on the Results page will be `Showing results for math`

###Global Plugin Settings
0. Click on the newly created `LR Interface` link in the admin panel.
  * `WebService Endpoint` is mandatory and is set to `http://12.109.40.31` by default. Changing this value is generally not needed.
  * `Learning Registry Node` is mandatory and is set to `http://node01.public.learningregistry.net/` by default.
  * `Maximum Slice` is mandatory and is set to `500` by default. This value is the maximum number of resources to return when performing a slice operation against a node. The number of values actually displayed on a single page can be changed in the next section.
  * `Check to hide metadata` allows you to specify whether metadata may be viewed from the resource preview page.
  * `Results` should be set to the name of the newly created Results page.
0. You **must** click `Save Changes`

### Displaying a Search Bar
Note: This section is placed after displaying the results because the search bar requires an existing results page to function properly.

0. Add the `LR Interface Search Bar` widget to a sidebar (will appear as a search box on your live site).
0. Configure the `LR Interface Search Bar` widget.
  * `Search placeholder` is optional and is displayed whenever the search bar is empty.
  * `Search Method` is mandatory and is set to `Indexed Search` by defualt. Slice is also an option.
0. To-do...

### Displaying the Standards Browser
0. Create a new sidebar. Name it `Standards Sidebar`.
0. Create a new Wordpress page to display the standards. Before publishing this new page, click the blue icon labeled `Insert Sidebar ShortCode`. Select `Standards Sidebar` and then click "Insert". You may now save and publish the page.
0. Add the `LR Interface Standards Browser` widget to `Standards Sidebar`
0. Configure the `LR Interface Standards Browser` widget.
  * To-do
0. To-do

###Displaying the Subject Map
0. To-do

###Displaying Featured Resources
0. To-do

###Displaying the Paradata Timeline
0. To-do

###Displaying the Index Count
0. To-do

Commit message:

Added Install directions for the Service Controlllers

README.md, after:

Learning Registry Wordpress Plugin
===================
##Introduction
Some info about the plugin and its usage here.
## Install
0. [Download](https://github.com/mickmuzac/LR-Wordpress-Widget/archive/master.zip) the LR Wordpress plugin.
0. [Install and activate](http://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Installing_Plugins) the LR Wordpress plugin via the upload tab in the admin panel in Wordpress.
0. Install and activate [Widgetize Pages Light](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/widgetize-pages-light/) via the admin panel in Wordpress.
  * Widgetize Pages Light allows you to create a "sidebar" that is displayed in the main content area of a page.
  * You may follow [Widgetize's sidebar creation instructions](http://otwthemes.com/online-documentation-widgetize-pages-light/) whenever this document asks you to create a new sidebar.

### Installing the Service Proxies
0. Go to the wp-admin page and login as an administrative user
0. Install and activate the json-api Wordpress plugin.
0. Copy the files from our controllers directory to wp-content\plugins\json-api\controllers directory
0. On the wp-admin page go to the JSON API settings page via the left menu setting -> JSON API
0. Enable the Data, Search and Standards controllers, all others can be deactivated.

##Configuration

### Creating a Results Page
0. Create a new sidebar using Widgetize Pages Light. Name it `Results Sidebar`
0. [Create a new Wordpress page](http://codex.wordpress.org/Pages#Creating_Pages) to display the results.
  * Before publishing this new page, click the blue icon labeled `Insert Sidebar ShortCode`. Select `Results Sidebar` and then click "Insert".
  * You may now save and publish the page.
  * Optional: It may be desirable to hide all direct links to this page. [Follow these steps](http://en.support.wordpress.com/menus/) to ensure that the Results page doesn't appear in your main menu.
0. Add the `LR Interface Results` widget to `Results Sidebar`
   * [How to activate and configure widgets](http://en.support.wordpress.com/widgets/)
0. Configure the `LR Interface Results` widget.
  * `Number of Results Per Page` is mandatory and is set to `50` by defualt.
  * `Results page text` is used to explicitly specify the format in which the header on the Results page is displayed. `$query` is replaced with the search term. Example: if you set the page text as `Showing results for $query` and the user searches for `math`, then the header on the Results page will be `Showing results for math`

###Global Plugin Settings
0. Click on the newly created `LR Interface` link in the admin panel.
  * `WebService Endpoint` is mandatory and is set to `http://12.109.40.31` by default. Changing this value is generally not needed.
  * `Learning Registry Node` is mandatory and is set to `http://node01.public.learningregistry.net/` by default.
  * `Maximum Slice` is mandatory and is set to `500` by default. This value is the maximum number of resources to return when performing a slice operation against a node. The number of values actually displayed on a single page can be changed in the next section.
  * `Check to hide metadata` allows you to specify whether metadata may be viewed from the resource preview page.
  * `Results` should be set to the name of the newly created Results page.
0. You **must** click `Save Changes`


### Displaying a Search Bar
Note: This section is placed after displaying the results because the search bar requires an existing results page to function properly.

0. Add the `LR Interface Search Bar` widget to a sidebar (will appear as a search box on your live site).
0. Configure the `LR Interface Search Bar` widget.
  * `Search placeholder` is optional and is displayed whenever the search bar is empty.
  * `Search Method` is mandatory and is set to `Indexed Search` by defualt. Slice is also an option.
0. To-do...

### Displaying the Standards Browser
0. Create a new sidebar. Name it `Standards Sidebar`.
0. Create a new Wordpress page to display the standards. Before publishing this new page, click the blue icon labeled `Insert Sidebar ShortCode`. Select `Standards Sidebar` and then click "Insert". You may now save and publish the page.
0. Add the `LR Interface Standards Browser` widget to `Standards Sidebar`
0. Configure the `LR Interface Standards Browser` widget.
  * To-do
0. To-do

###Displaying the Subject Map
0. To-do

###Displaying Featured Resources
0. To-do

###Displaying the Paradata Timeline
0. To-do

###Displaying the Index Count
0. To-do
